Update README.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/maui-sign-pdf-files: CS/3-Draw_a_Custom_Signature/README.md

<img src="./media/drawable_signature.gif" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

## Implementation Details

> **Note**
>
> PDF-related functionality is included in our [Office File API](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/office-file-api/) subscription.
>

> > To run this example, you need any of the following subscriptions: [DevExpress Universal](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/universal.xml), [DXperience](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/dxperience.xml), [Office File API](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/office-file-api/), [WinForms](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/controls/winforms/), [WPF](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/controls/wpf/), or [ASP.NET](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/asp/).

Reviewer: According to our product matrix (https://www.devexpress.com/buy/net/), the following subscriptions should NOT include PDF management API:

- DXperience
- WinForms
- WPF
- ASP.NET 

```suggestion
> To run this example, you need [DevExpress Universal](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/universal.xml), [DXperience](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/dxperience.xml) or [DevExpress Office File API](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/office-file-api/) subscription.
```

The [PdfDocumentProcessor](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfDocumentProcessor) class includes APIs that allow you to manipulate PDF files.

To open and sign a PDF file in a .NET MAUI application, you should copy the PDF and PFX certificate files from the application bundle to a device folder:

```csharp
public async Task<string> CopyWorkingFilesToAppData(string fileName) {
    using Stream fileStream = await FileSystem.Current.OpenAppPackageFileAsync(fileName);
    string targetFile = Path.Combine(FileSystem.Current.AppDataDirectory, fileName);
    using FileStream outputStream = File.OpenWrite(targetFile);
    fileStream.CopyTo(outputStream);
    return targetFile;
}
```

After that, you can use the [PdfDocumentProcessor.LoadDocument](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfDocumentProcessor.LoadDocument.overloads) method to open the PDF file.

> This project calls the [PdfAcroFormFacade.GetFields](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfAcroFormFacade.GetFields) method to find all the PDF file fields. Once the fields are found, use the [PdfFormFieldFacade.Type](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfFormFieldFacade.Type) property to get only signature fields. The project signs the first found signature field. 

Reviewer: First the project is the subject (the project does something), then you go to imperative mood (you do something). Either everything should be instructions, or everything should be a description of how it works. 

```suggestion
This project uses the following members to find the first available signature field: 

* The [PdfAcroFormFacade.GetFields](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfAcroFormFacade.GetFields) method finds all fields in the PDF file. 
* The [PdfFormFieldFacade.Type](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfFormFieldFacade.Type) property helps locate signature fields.  
```

The [PDFSignatureBuilder](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfSignatureBuilder) class stores the following information about the signature:

* PFX certificate file
* Location of the person who signs the document
* Name of the person who signs the document
* Reason for signing the document
* Signature image that is embedded in the PDF file

This project uses the [DrawingView](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/communitytoolkit/maui/views/drawingview#multiline-usage) control to draw a signature. To convert a drawn signature to a JPEG image, the project uses the following code:

```csharp
using Stream origJpgStream = await drawingView.GetImageStream(200, 200);
origJpgStream.Seek(0, SeekOrigin.Begin);
Microsoft.Maui.Graphics.IImage img = PlatformImage.FromStream(origJpgStream, ImageFormat.Jpeg);
var jpegImageBytes = img.AsBytes(ImageFormat.Png);
```

> After the document is signed, call the [PdfDocumentProcessor.SaveDocument](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfDocumentProcessor.SaveDocument.overloads) method to save the signed PDF file.

Reviewer: Again, since the majority of the text describes what the project does, I don't want to switch to imperative mood. 

```suggestion
After the document is signed, the [PdfDocumentProcessor.SaveDocument](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfDocumentProcessor.SaveDocument.overloads) method saves the signed PDF file.
```
